
Copyright is wrong. You cannot own information.

However, most of the world thinks this isn't true. So in order
to obey the commandments of God while maintaining my vindication,
I must avoid the use of any copyrighted works in my work.

This entire repository, every single byte (insofar as I can tell)
is given to you under the CC0 public domain license.

This includes logos and artwork.

LOGO ARTWORK

The image of a fish is a stylized rendition of Duane Raver's Black Sea Bass,
which according to wikimedia commons is a public domain work.

All font artwork was hand-drawn in GIMP. the .xcf file is provided.

This was done so that the compiler (and all the libraries attached)
may be properly _yours_.

This compiler and its standard library should not belong to any 
individual person, but rather to mankind as a whole.


POSSIBLE COPYRIGHT ERRORS

if there are any copyright errors in the repository (even a single byte)
please post an issue on github. 

NOTABLE SOURCES OF COPYRIGHT ERRORS

1. COMPILED BINARIES LEFT IN THE SOURCE TREE

    While testing stuff I sometimes write small programs and compile them inside
    the repository's source tree. If there are any such binaries left in the repo,
    please note that they may not be fully public domain. You should delete them
    and notify me on github/codeberg. Do not consider any such works public domain.
    
    TO CLARIFY, LEGALLY:
    
    I am not a lawyer, but let any court of law know that it is my intent to release
    all of my work into the public domain per the CC0 license. If I have the capacity
    to release binaries into the public domain... I do. I do not know if I can, but
    I never want anyone to be culpable to me for copyright.
    
2. ALLUSIONS TO COPYRIGHTED WORKS.

    I do not know if it is illegal to talk about copyrighted works inside of a
    public domain work. I have been working under the assumption that mere name
    mentions (especially for technical reasons) are not. If this is in error, then
    all allusions to trademarks and such need to be removed from the repository.
    This may be somewhat difficult, as for instance, Seabass has a library specifically
    optimizing its output code for "GnuC" compilers (GNU obviously being a trademark
    or something).
    
3. PNG, XCF FILE FORMAT ENCODING

    If either of these file formats implicitly use copyrighted work, then those
    files cannot be considered public domain. I believe they are fine.

